  These scripts performs various operations on Subversion working copies
and repositories.  Subversion is a revision control system.  See the
Subversion documentation at http://subversion.tigris.org/ for more
information.

Implementation Notes
--------------------

* CVS Scripts

  Be sure to keep the files in the cvs-support folder in sync with
files in this folder.  They are identical except for the specific logic
related to CVS vs. Subversion.  If you make a fix here, do the same
there.

* User interaction

  Scripts that require user input utilize the terminal script which is
in the DropScript application bundle and prompting the user at the
terminal command line.

* (Non-)Batching

 Some scripts process targets independently, even though the Subversion
operations they perform allow several items to be processed in a single
svn invocation.

  This is generally because svn will exit with an error if it cannot
complete the desired operation on any of the files passed to it, and we
prefer (for the operation in question) that all files that can be
processed are processed, and those that cannot are effectively ignored.

  For example, if the user selects several files in a working copy and
invokes the SVNChanges script on them, we don't want to abort the entire
batch because some of the files are not under revision control.

  For scripts that generate text output to be shown with TextEdit (eg.
SVNDiff), this is also useful because each target gets it's own output
view, allowing users to get separate diffs if they select files, or a
collection of diffs if they select directories.

  Note that for safety, we do batch for operations that modify the
repository or working copy, on the theory that if the user isn't doing
the right thing, aborting due to a mistake is better than doing the
wrong thing.
